Title: S81 Release Notes
ms.ContentId: 257D9AF8-3585-43C9-9441-0DA677A9A022

# Open Authoring Release Notes – S81 #
 
## Summary ##
After the transition started in S80, the main focus in S81 for Visual Studio China team on Open Authoring is to support //Build event. We’ve set up repositories and rendering environment for new partners as well as existing partners. We’ve also worked on new extensions and functionality required for //Build. Thanks to VSCS team on supporting us during the release. I would just list the new features we’re delivering as below.
 
## Features Delivered ##

1. Support Absolute Path Reference in markdown
	- In order to eliminate the confusion raised in recursive reference, such as markdown file A references markdown file B which references image C. We decided to support editing reference in absolute path. So the reference in B to C can be written in absolute path which can be recognized when we parsing A with our ambiguity. 
2. Support ms.date
	- After discussion with Azure team, we decided to support a new WEDCS BI metadata, ms.date. When partner add this metadata on the top of the markdown file, there would be 2 effects
		1. On the top of the rendered page below the title, customer will see a new line which mentions the last modified date of the topic according to the metadata
		2. We will also add ms.data as a tag in header in the HTML so WEDCS can get the information for further BI purpose
3. Support external link in OA TOC
	- Given several partners need the function to link the topics in both OA and traditional MSDN, we decided to support external link from OA TOC to MSDN pages, as well as any other URL. There’re 2 files which need to be involved in adding such a link
		1. The syntax in TOC.csv file is **,oa-toc-external:bing,http://www.bing.com, in which bing is the title and http://www.bing.com is the URL
		2. In containerNodeTitle.csv, the syntax is bing, Bing. Where Bing is the final displayed string for the link in TOC.
 
## S82 Plan ##
S82 would be the key sprint for supporting //Build. Below are the several features we’re delivering for it. After //Build, team would have a deeper look into the backlog and think about what to do next. Please let us know if you have any feature in your mind. 

1. Support Additional TOC level in API template
2. Support Recursive TOC Fallback
3. New User Feedback Mechanism for OA
 


