Title: S82 Release Notes
ms.ContentId: 743B15A0-B586-4D23-B0F6-EF3670311183


# Open Authoring Release Notes – S82 #
 
## Summary ##
First of all, thanks for all the collaborative works done by our partner teams, we've smoothly delivered contents for //Build and //Ignite, which actually marks that a successful transition for the project has been accomplished. 
 
## Features Delivered ##
>  Please keep your build version aligned with our newest package (1.1.10) to ensure full feature support.

1. Support Additional TOC Level
	- We've extended OA TOC from 3 level to 5 levels for both API and GetStarted templates, which helps partner to deliver more in depth content and supports move centralized center structures.
2. Support Recursive TOC Fallback
	- When user clicks a container node in breadcrumb TOC, we will always find an appropriate topic to show
3. New user Feedback Mechanism for OA
	- Now you don't need an alias page in SMS for collecting user feedbacks for OA pages! All OA pages have enabled feedback control and those feedback would flow into OA backend. We're building an portal for partners to retrieve the rating and feedback for OA pages in S83.
 
## Partner Support ##
1. VSO
	- New center VSO Extension
	- New branch mappings for VSContent and ALMContent (master -> stage, releases/live -> prod)
2. Azure Graph
	- Repository Structure and Center Update
3. Hyper-V
	- Set up virtualization branches and rendering

## Bug Fixes ##
A Lot. I'm not going to name each of the 20+ bugs we resolved in this sprint. 

## S83 Plan ##
We will continue supporting our existing partner in S83

- Planned items
	1. TOC external link allows duplicated URLs
	2. Feedback portal and dashboard
	3. Edit button on internal staging sites which takes you back to Git (Tentative)
- Partner support 
	1. Azure Graph 
		- Repository rename
	2. VS/ALM
		- Move to VSOnline team project
		- New centers
		- New Repository - VS-Articles
		- Sandbox staging environment
	
 