Title: S84 Release Notes
ms.ContentId: A8320CA7-4164-4D4A-859D-407B17CD0B0F


# Open Authoring Release Notes – S84 #
 
## Feature Delivered ##
>  Please update your build version to align with our newest official package (1.1.11) to ensure full feature support.

1. New Template 'ThreeColumns' is available to use
	-  A quick sample can be found in [https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/openauthoring/releasenotes/s84](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/openauthoring/releasenotes/s84 "S84 Release Note")
	-  To enable this new template for your center, you need to
		1.	Contact our team for backend configuration. Unfortunately, we still need to do some dirty work before you can use it, and this need to be timely aligned with the other changes you would need to make in your repository. The mismatch between our backend and your repository configuration would cause downtime.
		2.	Repository Changes (please refer to [https://mseng.visualstudio.com/DefaultCollection/Documentation/_git/OpenAuthoringSample#path=%2Fopenauthoring&version=GBmaster&_a=contents](https://mseng.visualstudio.com/DefaultCollection/Documentation/_git/OpenAuthoringSample#path=%2Fopenauthoring&version=GBmaster&_a=contents "Sample Repository"))
			- Update center.json for the centers you would like to use the new template.
			- At repository level, add 2 files (without these 2 files we will hide the breadcrumb)
				1. GlobalTOC.csv, in which you can either put external URL or center as part of your breadcrumb TOC. Note the center needs to be defined in your siteCatalog.json
				2. GlobalTOCTitle.csv, to define the TOC title
2. Include Build Failure Information in Email Notification
3. New Branch - Environment Mapping:

<table style="width:100%">
   <tr>
    <td>Repository Branch Mapping</td>
    <td>Content.VS</td> 
    <td>Content.ALM</td>
    <td>Office365</td>
    <td>AzureGraph</td>
    <td>Virtualization</td>
   </tr>
   <tr>
    <td>MSDN (Live)</td>
    <td>releases/live (promoted)</td> 
    <td>releases/live (promoted)</td>
    <td>master (promoted)</td>
    <td>master (promoted)</td>
    <td>master (promoted)</td>
   </tr>
   <tr>
    <td>MSDN (Stage)</td>
    <td>releases/live</td> 
    <td>releases/live</td>
    <td>master</td>
    <td>master</td>
    <td>master</td>
   </tr>
   <tr>
    <td>INT</td>
    <td>master</td> 
    <td>master</td>
    <td>release</td>
    <td>release</td>
    <td>release</td>
   </tr>
   <tr>
    <td>MSDN (Stage)</td>
    <td>releases/hack</td> 
    <td>releases/hack</td>
    <td>sandbox</td>
    <td>na</td>
    <td>containerbits</td>
   </tr>
</table> 

## Partner Support ##
1. VSO
	- New Center for VS Release Notes
2. Dynamic CRM
	- New Repository and Center Set up 
	- Rendering would be available in S85  
3. HyperV 
	- Onboard to Sandbox Preview 

## S85 Plan ##
Engineering team has already started working on the new backend pipeline for OA and we're expecting to see it in August and migrate our existing OA partners to the new pipeline before Nov. VS Launch. Thus the development for current OA system will be mainly on high priority bug fixing and blocking features for important releases.

- Planned items on current Open Authoring
	1. Build and Preview Multiple Feature Branches
	2. Edit Button on Internal Preview Sites which redirects user to VSO Git 
	3. Fix Build Email to show correct URL
	4. Add OpenSourceDisclaimer for OA pages

	


	
 